I don't know what he's saying I think he made
a video of me at Huanca Tunis's girlfriend or
judge the white news of
Christmas Juan Camacho a video
then I would like to see it just in case it's
humorous if we see it very boring by we
'll stop it halfway through and then we'll leave
I would like to play pop and today I was
about to start playing pop but I
have to record a video now to be the
main one before going to bed
and since the main channel is
killing it now because we're doing an
incredible job everything must be said
well we're not going to watch it I'm not going to put
water on pop and when I have work
okay family
in four hours 91 thousand views man the
very little video the main cam is
liking people
are liking
well let's see one thing
Javier or Javi
totally totally up to here
your turn has come Javier or Javi Oliveira now I
speak I
love it because it also gives you the
options Javier or Javi Oliveira who the
hell do you want it to be surely this is
due to
well this is surely due to a
live show I did yesterday on Teles al  okay or I'm
not going to put any clip because it's
a live stream that to understand the whole
context you should watch it in full in fact
but basically I was criticizing
I'm criticizing something that made complete
sense and it was like Juanca was
desperately deceiving her audience like a headless chicken
taking advantage of her last breath
on YouTube because I sincerely believe that
Juanca has her
last breath because I don't wish it for her of
course I wish her the best and that she does
well but she just doesn't take the path
I think Huanca that you could dedicate yourself to
humor okay and then I imagine that
since all this was exposed for the girlfriend she
'll get angry and she's going to say something here let's
see let's
see it no
and maybe she'll shoot me it wasn't
worth it
think everyone greetings to all the new ones
and thanks for subscribing for giving the
like and well today I am here a
very nice place I am about to
go to work today I feel
better on my foot thank God I had a
quiet night and well well I hope to
work and do my activities like we
normally don't have to this better
well on the other hand  well this
morning you didn't say anything bad about huanca
in the audio what a lie precisely lie
what do you want me to do I don't know
the woman's name but if it is a
lie what do I do
only with myself and she's not going to say
anything to him Federico
our father Federico
who said that wang that a poor guy appeared have you seen have you
seen the program
hello again javi sorry I'm
out of date with the stream and I apologize
for the message from a while ago I got heated and
my message sounded very ugly but I only
meant that before justifications
we need as a community apologies
instead of justification I
love it because it's also good you and you
yesterday you were putting like me well I was going
to open directly on the subject johnny
depp and you put jonides
zzzz even like you were really bored with the
subject no and like it was a crappy
subject
what I said family don't tell him bad
really what do I do they are selling out to
people now I get up not to talk to the
family and well maybe in case I skip a
video that I don't even here it's that  it
really jumps out at me because I don't even
watch this type of content well
how is a video going to jump out at you there's the
video playing jump rope
how is a video going to jump in your face
the video jumps out at you because the baby is on my
channel
and apparently talking about my family yeah well
I start listening and I go wow
what or what an outrage my god is this
really what is this what is it
or I shut up or or I talk to a there are
two options and well this video
is from a certain youtube it's a true youtube
that is out there on the networks it
said this youtuber that is out there they put on
the networks but if they put me in the
title and also gives two options in case they
want to call me javi or javier
or
but bringing up the family and things like that is
not typical of Juanca well this
video to the bank was made by her wives
from a hundred youtube
and well well all this comes from the
famous of the so this controversial 11
minute audio this one that well well where she
recounted the well
these aggressions that Rocío
Flores suffered from her mother anyway now
everyone
is giving it veracity the girlfriend  the girlfriend
is going to keep saying that
Huanca has the audio, she knew everything except
having the blue tide tree in mind back here,
she told her grapefruit,
saying a random thing, look, it's totally true,
YouTube, nobody knows a random thing, no,
and look, without even the scope of the
documentary, if they had seen the
documentary and knew what they're
making of the video, the audio, the
censored 11-minute audio, which isn't an
audio in a piece of documentary, no, the
11-minute piece of documentary that is
the south of Telecinco, didn't tell you about
alleged attacks by Rocío Carrasco,
Flores' relationship, on the contrary, she
told you details
of
what Rocío Flores did to her mother
in the censored 11 minutes,
they're not what Rocío Flores did to her
mother, nor Rocío Flor's version, in
the eleven minutes that they removed, they're more
details of what Rocío Flores did
to her mother,
look, if you're lost,
knee, thank you very much for those
[Music]
but I'm not talking to you, what do I mean, no, and
well, everything  this comes from the fact that the
only thing that has been broadcast is that
audio and the content that it has, the truth is it
generates a lot of controversy so much so that
several channels have aired it even
Federico Jimenez himself has
dedicated his entire program to talking
about this topic, I mean because he has a
full program, literally, he dedicated
three minutes or four minutes of three or
four hours that Federico does a day,
Federico does it starts at 7
Federico at 7 and then there's
thank you very much Andreu then there's Federico at
8 and then there's the gossip column
that Federico dedicated to him, I mean
since the audio was published, which was
already published last year,
side by side by series because it's a
cool piece of the series, it has generated so much
controversy
that all the channels, including
Federico himself, has dedicated everything to his
program,
which according to him he hadn't even heard of and it was
the first time, I mean, look, since it has so
much repercussion, well, it's on
everyone's lips now, friends, and well, it
turns out that this character
apparently didn't like this very much and well, he
is  a little bit chopped not a chopped
in the sense I call it when
a person feels like envy of
a little thing like today like
saying
welcome to the so Saul a huge kiss
king remind you all if you want to become
a member that army is going to put
the link in the chat right now okay
look when they use the envy argument
the envy argument is always
used by people who
have caught me who have really
caught me and I really can't deny it I am
very envious of Huanca
because after many things the
visit
of the chair
of the quality
of the nice mention that they have made on
Federico's program with the comparison
with the one they have made to me it has simply
made me
pulp
and this because of why does he do it and I don't
something like that no well this character yesterday
with an entire video or rather speaking
against my family
or rather
now you cannot criticize Juanca
the same as she messes it up
because she says that that is talking about her
family
or rather these days uploading videos of
all the families
you know that I said
previously that I did not like
injustices at all for  nothing these
behaviors she doesn't like
injustice but she's not going to give in to her
boyfriend because he's publishing a fake audio
that was already published in the documentary and she
's taking it as true as if it had been
leaked in the audio that
Telecinco censored in which
Rocío Flor's version was revealed and also him
giving to see Rocío
Flores' version of truth that they are of this type they have to
bring them to light and
things have to be said clearly the things that
are not right and
when they talk about my family and have
those types of
comments the way he handles it well it did
n't seem fair to me because it was
such a derogatory manner that I'm not
going to shut up I'm going to speak and I'm going to give my
opinion in this video with respect
as I've always done but
if they say things face to face as they
should be said face to face to the
people who try to humiliate you
they try to bring you down no no you don't have to
be afraid of them you have to tell them
things to their face say what's going on here what do
you think
what do you think
this is  settle it with an
old fashioned debate post arianna they were taken away from the
task it's a debate with one
cable
but not the woman so
from time to time she wants to tell me
what's going on what do you think you see it I see it
very well I see it logical that because
you have been sitting there for seven years without
moving or going out into the streets doing
interviews and reports you are going to come and
look down on us small channels
people are humbly earning their
daily bread well small channels
daily bread
humbly humbly heart
[Music]
humbly humbly let's see yesterday
there was a headline
juanca would be taking her last breath
on youtube okay juanca is already taking her
last breath of the stick look at me I don't give a damn
and now without limits and giving it the
same everything okay
yesterday she uploaded a video
and put all her balls into it the following
headline
released the evidence rocio flores could have
been unjustly condemned by
justice
no I am not going to tolerate it neither I nor many
people I think she is listening to me now
and that she knows very well what I mean
well let's listen  a little piece of
audio that is really a shame
but well you see it you see it with lowe we are going
to listen to an audio I hope I hope it is a
leaked audio censored by the [ __ ]
Javi channel of life
fifteen months friends thanks for renewing I
hope he is going to put up a leaked audio I am
also going to put it up to expose not
hide this character
I am laughing I could turn it into these
guys I do not understand why people see me I
really can not say two of the
Santos Pérez after tenths of the
ladies who have come to YouTube but
that my colleagues have believed that this
man has the eleven minutes censored by
Telecinco
in March of the Corvette to do it
that I love because I appreciate them but
if not I would be making a video for them
and all of mine not only that they are not
placed in the audio okay I buy you that
a year ago I had no idea about the
documentary and that I would upload the car
later I bought it but man does
n't it give you some alert that it is Juanca who
is telling you this
I feel superior I really am not going to
lie and well then the clock said here
is also the one that the truth is I feel
superior
what  way to twist in your favor and
take advantage of a kiss Tina well everyone
has the right to give their opinion
hello javi I'm from Chile from Curicó 210
from the capital it was a huge kiss to
everyone who is watching me from Chile
to those I love very much to all the
people who see me from all over the world but
for that super cha a huge kiss to Chile
your right to give your opinion you
already have the right to be a family video I have
not seen anything bad in it in the audio
that you have posted or rather literally
literally have you
listened to it really it has been
regrettable having to listen to these
things really
I understand I understand that this
character has to earn their
daily bread by making their content
because the truth is that I do not take away value from
their work that their work earns their money
as good as humanly can do it
man
between man and man to call me
in some way you know why look hey
today I started
playing with my son with
water pistols and he ended up playing with all the children
from the park in Bulgarian so that he does not
know me approaching and pim  pam and
why because he was smaller and the
others were like all ages
saray water front of water the children to
that line
[Music] let's
see if he demanded that I
come to the children when they took them down
we are getting wet too it went up
full of full of mud and it was like this
is your man is destroyed the
regrettable
regrettable truly regrettable
characters and I admit it with the
men you have done me a favor it is
done their videos have good
editions because you don't have to make good ones
and because I don't do them anymore he makes something
good but precisely what I don't do
but well there is army river and
air and well Paulino don't go to Paulino he
referred no that would be how we are very
high the only good thing he has said to me and it
is not mine
the only moments that he is going to say what I do not
do is that unfortunately I
no longer deserve even those euros that I earned
regrettable
positive things but it is that
really when he makes this type of
derogatory comments towards colleagues
from the platform or
emotional scammers
man I don't know how I have been
with the emotions at this
moment  neither Alejandro welcome to
the Rey families stay forever
okay don't leave then I mean I'm
not going to the fact that of
criticism because one can be critical or
not with a character or when bringing up the subject
of sanse or all of that but when
you cross that limit and you start to
take it there is a way to emigrate to the
other person and by being derogatory well
there you will not
see being sincere Juanca does not inspire much
confidence
heart with all the love in the world
/ youtuber we understand each other and Juanca
man let's see a lot a lot of confidence
Huanca it's not that he gives me okay
I wouldn't leave him alone in my living room
of 95 of we fall asleep or rather one that gives
me a lot of confidence a lot of confidence in
what he asks me for him to come
telling me hey look I
have the audio that Telecinco sent me that
I have
and I am going to consult it legally to see if it is the
same as the audio is there you who
consult it legally to publish it
no
there you are not very wrong and I said
very clearly that the day they speak
against my family they will
also mess with me or so it is
like that  I'm not going to allow, that
is,
a person who is telling so many
people who have seen that video
saying, well, they don't see the face, how
can this person get cold, they don't see it
in the face, what the face has, let's
see, let's see,
this character, lady, has experience
and prestige in her field, others are
rebounding here because with the
political and social criticism they were not even worth
anything
and they are giving their last breaths on the
Antonelli issue, he sprinkled flowers because
although the
Antonia issue explodes again, I saw the Huancayo channel,
I think she would not explode again, that she would not
give him again what she gave him in
December, let's see, I simply do not
trust Huanca, it
's not because he has something on his face, it's
because
you see the man and the look of it, the
confidence that I tell you does
not seem to me to be a person
who
[Music] I'm telling you that I
don't want to say goodbye,
hold on,
well,
well, well, wait, while
we are here, he sent me a click
saying that the tartan,
thanks Dario, that he's been skating a lot
lately
and tartan and that he's going to see, let's take it in
parts because here we have to eat, we have to
answer to three people and
answer juan you have to answer
turbo and you have to answer javi no
then let's take it one step at a time no first
juan
it's true that in that extract in the
first extract because in the second is
where I answer that he answered the
exchange made nobody has talked about that
extract but well that's pretty much
taken from reality because here
like the king people who probably
today are from the tops no for
example the blond ones also probably
know a [ __ ] ton of things xxvi will also
know a [ __ ] ton of things way
but up to there they take it as if it were
something said in the world answering
things I have the whole [ __ ] day all
internal answering harasses me and
dedicating a better sector treating me
all [ __ ] day two points worlds I'm going to
answer javi leave me alone
all [ __ ] day I have everything internalia or
all day if you realize the rank
has internet all [ __ ] day linked to
everywhere and those who haven't done the
math
or rather if you look at what
counts in law are more than
what we see literally when he comes in
he does a  exaggeration but well I do
n't know if they want to hang me for one
of the first mistakes I've
made because it's probably one of the
first mistakes I've made and
well remember that we are humans that we
all make mistakes that juan made a
mistake turbo made a mistake javi made a
mistake because for example I
can put myself the same and say juan
tone down a little bit tone down two notches on
your [ __ ] salsa because four or
five years ago you started throwing [ __ ] at
silver because before it was well seen to
throw [ __ ] at silver and now that
silver is the top 3 of the big two
bears there is silver sorry for what I
told you before is that I was younger I
was going to do a stream collaboration
together and [ __ ] well then
like what
that's exactly like if you take me out the
same thing just happened like right now
xavi takes me and says tone down
the salsa a little bit that you four
years ago were throwing [ __ ] at the gala and now you
're collaborating with him
oh sorry I screwed up so like my
son is going to tone down
our salsa a lot  let's have a
peaceful party you know that I love to have
a peaceful party because I don't
know you and by not knowing you I
mean we haven't interacted in
person what's next let's see let's calm down I
would have thrown [ __ ] at you and I would have
made fun of you too it's what we do here on the
internet being sons of [ __ ] well
now answering the turbo I understand
that turbo wanted to grab that
extract to answer because he's had it
stuck since the turbo plagiarism thing and with and
when I finish it with the silver thing and
I completely agree that it was taken
out because I'm pro since
getting the thorn out of you and if you have it
stuck yes yes I need to sell the
stutterer but I'm going to get a little wet it
seems to me that it's been quite healthy to
take out the golden thorn from one or two
occasions and answering javi with what
you leave that I don't remember what [ __ ]
extract it is but it is an extract in
which he mentions something like what I
hope not to offend the stutterer but I'm going
to get a little wet it seems to me that he
came quite high with the thing about leaving his
job and  to dedicate yourself only to this, let's
see, first of all, I have no reason to offend me,
it's your pardon, it's your opinion. And secondly,
I consider that lately he had
been kind of skating a lot on the
issue of
Latin America, like he talks about Latin American things as if he
knew how the situation is here
when in reality, well, he's from Spain, he will
have fans from Latin America and he will
have, like, good afternoon, what's going on
today, we can finish the culture itself, the
contact with people who are from
Latin America but you don't live here, you don't
know how the situation is and
lately on 23 occasions he has
released information like that it's not
on the agenda, things like that, and it's like there are,
but they are not like that, my children, there are
certain gray areas in this, in
this situation, it does
n't offend me that you think that I got carried
away, it's a decision that took me a long
time to make, in fact, I
wanted to quit work since
September of last year and I just
quit in February of this year, it's been a
couple of months at the most, and I wanted to
quit six or seven months ago, like,
the grace, welcome, friend of lata, it was
something that I thought about a lot. Secondly, the
nursing profession, which was
quite bad  paid imagine how much they
paid me that right now I earn triple and I
'm on my way to earning four
times more also mentions something like
it only generates a million
views and only has 100 viewers on
twitch which is a lie right now we are
almost 300 you handle an average of 250 300
people 200 300 to be more exact
I think I have an average of like 230 if I
go to channel analysis 230 so I
handle you twice as crazy as what you
mention and what did offend me was
that he made like a certain comparison see in
relation to that I have
not done it by getting into his numbers
or anything like that [ __ ] I would
love her very much I have
done it as a responsible person with my
feet on the ground I am almost 40
years old
and what a man I am very careful in that
sense with the subject of jobs you
have them I tend not to freak out I know because I have
seen it on youtube pim pam pum pam
passion with the pathetic channels and it was
like wow
yes that does offend me  was a no way do
n't try to compare me to those [ __ ]
when my mother did know the
benefits of folic acid before and
during pregnancy you make a
very brutal comparison that Simon that the
street with the alca that I let myself get carried away
with the three gossip that he released and I
never questioned that no he did not release
any no proof that in fact I
'm only talking about living like this is dying of
love a kiss Alejandro the informant that
effectively the street because I did not
question at any time what what
the alca said which I had to do
but I'm human I make mistakes but
not to question there is that
no it is not to question directly that the one
who did not say anything simply said
find out about the gossip posted and that simple
place they put me in doubt to doubt is
that they come telling you a
personal experience and you put it in doubt the mouths
in 3 to 0 and today they also warned me that
today the hi is talking about you that I don't
know what I got into live like that
quickly I think it's still live I would
n't know how to tell you but what I managed to
see was  a guy who put something like
if he is so direct he still
stutters in his video he put the capon he
gives a 6 each the webs things each the i
's like that his [ __ ] mind is a lie
oh you know I in no way at no
time in the title he says zasca to dallas he
mentioned in the extract you use each little ribbon
but in the type of ata the same you do not
put it okay
this is this dallas thing it is a topic that I
think will never happen from here
from the web channel or rather for half
of humanity I am a hater of dallas and
for the other for the other half I am pan
visited good like it is a taboo subject to those
who in my channel well there are the
reviews depending on the day that it is a
medium did not share it compared lohan
to the pathetic or was it that I said that I
knew him because he made a video
defending me from the channels that
mentioned the video says that he made me
where he told me there you had
seen a video of mine hopefully javi sees a
video of mine but comparing it with the
channels is pathetic wait  what sense is it
that I would have to listen to it again
but compare it in what sense do they
call me a hater they call me bread I visit it is
something that no but the comparison
in what sense would I compare something like that is
within the conversation I would have to
listen to it again
compare it with the pretending that we
mentioned the subject that I met him yeah
but comparing it
on the pathetic channels go to
hell what I'm saying that no
way
but we will never ever be able to this like it takes away from us
take that away from there but
well
and there dallas of forgiveness and javi
made the mistake like well it is good
and at the same time bad to pay attention to your
audience because many times a large part
of the people who are in the live shows are
people who simply want to see blood they
are not the people who follow you as such and
who do understand things for
example yesterday when when they do not
remember the message that they sent me that hey
stutters during the day it did not
add up to me because I remembered having
heard something else yesterday at night I
started watching the clip and I said complete
Gonzalez they get some information
in that clip  He says he doesn't like people giving
their opinion but at the same time he says that his
favorite is the author and it's like in what
way the Nautile is one of those who gives his
opinion the most but well that's how the world works
no so it's simply to
respond to them so that the people who
tell me hey to respond to the turbo yes and
no
yes because I found out about the clip that he posted no
because I didn't see the full video you
know that I saw them
in my mind the trata -ha is not comparable
with him with the five in the
spotlight it is that it has just been debated and with him I do
not have it at that level that I have it at the
level of a channel of a kid who
is starting out he returned as an
entrepreneur in his day with my mistakes and
with my hazing and without my experience no
that evidently maybe what
sounds familiar to me what I would say that I
would talk the best thing is to ask if I do
something I don't know the truth is that I would have to
see the conversation again about
what he came and something insane referring to maybe
that evil does not look good but it's that in my
mind it is not to compare it with a
pathetic channel things the pathetic channels I
mean the channels of  masses so in
fact he described perfectly the
issue of the channels are not that video was
the only video seen of him like that entire
on the main channel and so on and also I
saw it streaming because it was sent to me I
knew he was family and I hope it's not
and I wouldn't have to see the
combination again now no no no
in that video maybe but I don't know I don't know
and respect him from Dallas on each side see
I don't care that he put the title
that he told him at the end happy with
today's conversation the sun but
anyway let's continue to see that here to see if he
answers me there are birds that answer me more
before we finish directly
that he has the face that you don't have he
has two eyes a channel that he has on his
face that I don't have the juanca
what does he have on his face that I don't have the
juanca
well obviously he is much more
attractive than me and sexier
thank you very much to abraham
but here only his hangers are allowed
yellow today that the tartar goes up to debate
for what boss and for what and what am I going to
debate with him
thank you very much apart you have a
super cha blue and yellow it
looks like a mouth  like you who has well
I do know that whoever has it has that you don't have
you know and that is humility
humility I feel like a superior being the
truth is yes the truth is that the mind
[Music]
is a boy who doesn't deceive his
audience is a boy who doesn't ask them does
n't ask them for money for a chair the
same month that he has charged three thousand bucks
the truth is that sincerely
the truth boss that's what
he says well that's the same what
you believe or are you believe yourself
superior to another person speaking
here yes I'm going to correct you it's not that I
believe myself superior to a person
mentally in intelligence I consider myself
superior to a lot of people not just one
why do you want me to lie to you it's
literally yes
javi you like camilo sesto greetings
from chile man he's not my type no he
only plays it a lot in the car but to me it
's not that bad now a trendy one came out
that more girls sing very well
too which is Baby Justin No
Small that sings a new version
coincidence now go ahead or buy it on
iTunes and that's how I listen to it in the car
if you're very wrong it's more  no less we are
all equal than you
that we are all equal many things and we
all have the same rights we all have
the same value sure well
good people I mean no but in
intelligence and knowing how to get by in
understanding things it is not
only well that orange is fine too
I am at the end of the month but I leave this and I
take off my beer tomorrow face crying
name knötti or not tomorrow's beer gave
names
in fact thanks for that there will be many
thanks I mean we
are all equal nati
pelusón to you pelusso exactly we are
not all equal they are very clear from
juancar much more to demand I have
a platform and it is content of
many years does not give you the right to open
to criticize another partner
literally if you give it to me says that you
have a platform of many
years look listen to the fact
- we are all equal that you have a
platform and you make content of
many years does not give you the right to come
criticize another partner
literally
not because I have a platform of
many years no even if I had
created it last week literally I
have in fact the 34 point that I feel like
and to show it like that  in such a
contemptuous way it is that truly these things make me
angry, it makes me angry and I am not
going to shut up anymore it makes me angry that in a
supermarket they sell me yogurt with a
week left of the expiration date I have
not made a video because I do not have time
but I am stiff as you taught me only
blue Paulo well I am going to allow you to
send me your blue hanger but more than
anything because that was good in fact I think it
is a little more than what it is to charge you
m
and I already have it it is in a youtube debate
45 of the sea that by percent
nobody has answered me on this is but well
thanks for taking the click let's
remember it here guys look listen to
what I say in this click on this audio
that is going to be put and tell me if you
agree or not okay I have it is a
youtube debate erc arrakis is in more than 450
names caraquista
thanks 45 but well
with the four at the same time but only
because I think so only
45 most famous youtuber of the blue tide
and at 400 more  known from the
pink tide those of the red tide combine
those of the blue tide
and I do it alone against the 4
caraquista
and from here my actions are worth I offer to
prepare a debate in which 45 it
outrages me that they don't recognize you as the
most handsome
man to see in these photos others it ends
here in this miniature aiden you were a
bit of an [ __ ]
in this miniature there the truth is that you
were a bit of a son of a [ __ ] these
miniatures you account for the full
5 cents of this
miniature you deduct it from me okay
but
listen to me
[Music] do you
have a problem with this audio that you
just heard I mean I'm
saying that I would
love for there to be
a YouTube debate on my channel of the blue tide
against against a youtuber from the
fuchsia tide okay
I would be the presenter
okay
or a debate by myself against all the
youtubers carrasquilla
okay let's
see
sincerely sincerely
the youtubers of
the tides is what news and names
guys
because I don't want to disrespect anyone from
one side or the other but man they are not
people they are not  short people those of the
pink tide
sorry for being blue and face crying
hard okay there will be but one more the other
is already yellow
has his ideals that are not the same as
mine but the truth sincerely
removing the one with the cap, this one with whom
we debated who is that he
literally has I think he has
a coke cap on his head instead
of a brain
removing that one the others are
intelligent people who have their ideals with
which I do not agree but come on no way but they
are not stupid people or that it is known
they drive badly and they have their argument you have
a reason and their things
now you put me to the blue tide and
removing
two wise and quintuple is that it comes out
read it you will see that he has said what he
said that I read
sincerely if you catch me at midnight
or today Mikel or Anna cotillas and you
put me to debate with him Huanca or with the
bass and they eat it
sincerely I am
only saying or is it wrong that I am not
saying something that I do not think
sincerely
I would get sick watching that debate
because I would say
I would make the fire myself as a presenter
I invite you all to organize
a debate where
interruptions for disrespect and
such things would not be allowed and I invite you all barea
fusion marea azul and we do a debate in
which I am the presenter
now
I would like to debate it later me
alone against everyone
but you are not going to accept it
because I would accept it for entertainment
but have you seen something bad here or rather it
is a lie what I say in the audio
so literally anyone from the marea
rosa any of the youtubers of the
marea rosa
but even the pizza guy even the one with
the cap ate Lyon lee this one
without having a [ __ ] clue about
the book and this one started making videos
also about Antonio Habits and since
Lyon lee well there are some
documentary topics that they have not seen they are
following the wave a bit of what they are
going
to a survey but not that I do a
survey of the lion anymore it is not that I do a
survey it is that what I have said here is
more true than a saint and I with all my
love to my colleagues with whom I have
no problem but
I really think another time and the truth is I
think that if  we put
vegara that this young woman
however I think that I only in the
offices of the offices it is fair the
respect hong kong attacks by the style
speaking of the subject of the matter
I think that really maybe I'm
wrong but I think that I'm not sure
of the maria are the most well known series
of ideas computing is against four of
the carrasquilla and I as presenter
simply here on the channel okay as
if it were a talk show any
heart program okay this is proposing
by networks to do a youtube debate ska
racists against youtubers of the
blue tide and well then he proposes fix
alange
my audio from tonight where is
where is the blood
with the acne he
will know daring not to come he
will be capable
but as if he is resting for
tomorrow what is it tomorrow he
went to sleep seriously he
said Friday that
thanks to love
and not to send me an audio today in thor
day
okay beautiful you will see this tomorrow he resolved
tomorrow he works tomorrow to accompany
in the morning you will see this he summarized not one
audio today
4 no but eye here at the data of doing the
debate 4 against 4 no but  watch out here for the
fact that he is not going to be there
competing with the caraquistas yes yes it
is four against four holes today the
presenter or if it is my channel there will have to
be someone there organizing the
issue no no he is not going to
be there as boss of boss not as
presenter
there to direct your ace or you do not do it like that you
know why no he cannot be mixed up
with all the government play
literally of mixing up how much the
plebs every day
but apart from that
evidently I am the king well he
has to be there sitting and directing
no like that I stand up to
direct it I do
not get up I
am thinking about my new house to put
a bath in the bed
how angry it is to wake up that I
wake up in the morning with all my
balls
which is the only time of the day in which I
go with all my balls and that I am
coming in winner and nothing
and measures of get up already faster
what anger
and he wants me to get up to moderate
like the boss
well look you are going to stay you are going to be
left alone with your debate of faces
tracks
for
nobody
I would do it
and you as presenter and I as moderator
crying face of  laughter face crying laughing
face crying laughing that's why you
are Moses
why he says it because he is going to avenge the
grace
what does it mean to die come tell me
the grace let's see let's
see
debate you if you want but there is whoever
wants to humiliate themselves and crawl to that
because I would never do it so I
wish you luck in your debate I hope you
win
and now that they come well he
says that if he sells he is not going to
send a quintuple audio I think let's see
and that he is putting up some audios that are
a good summary about it
is a good summary about him about
my director from yesterday but the
truth is I don't understand what the complaint is about
the audios he is putting up well
nothing shift since at two in the
morning working and that I will send you the
audio at a tenth of what he can do
what he says the of but good
to start it is everything all the time what I
see in the language this woman is a
feeling of inferiority
but bestial what a way of
distorting what you say what a way of
dropping phrases of meeting again we are
all equal before the law madam and if
you are religious before the eyes of the
lord but what  I said before in the
chat let's see how human beings
connect, there are in the designs a
copper thief with a space engineer but
then the final result is not the same I
say this because of what I was saying before from
the experience and prestige of these
things that only have value a little
hello churra and raise a kiss and let's
see your voice doesn't cause me the same
feeling as acne but oh well I'll make do
for today okay
the only youtube that says he's seen
the documentary from A to Z and that he knows everything
and that he's the god the one who has seen
the entire documentary which is the
walking documentary the encyclopedia of Rocío
Carrasco he's afraid a face to face
with you they excuse themselves for fear
name
of the subject of the casquistas and those
men I would do it the truth but no
one answers that proposal that I
made yesterday
to no one the truth is I would like to have
debates at this point a year
after the domus series before the
season starts because the truth is that it
would be quite interesting and would have a large
audience and then each one
could upload them on their channels
but well if they don't answer me I
can't force them  I threw the proposal
I threw the gauntlet thrown now
they well but we crawl and the
others in the man answer none but
I imagine the tide if I would do it
Shizuka thank you very much for that super
yellow what kind of Polynesian rafáh is
she greetings brow I do
n't know if that is a lack of respect
but but I hope it isn't if it is a
nickname a nickname or something like that please
apologize
or it is not you are not saying it because of the
arguments it is not that I do not trust it anymore because
the other time that same video a
girl some shorts or some [ __ ]
the lady
that proposal is for twitter to see for
twitter nothing has been seen the
directory well
look you are wrong in the
first place because not only youtube has
seen the entire documentary but
many people many youtubers of what of what
such have seen the
entire documentary from A to Z
if they have seen it have been the caraquistas
yes that is people like for example him
with one of the compositors who debated did not
have a [ __ ] idea about documentary because
apart  if I've seen it I didn't understand why you have to
see him be smart too and
catch things and decorate but for
example the IOM and that electrified ass that they've
seen the whole thing and midnight also
knows I mean mine
huanca huá is a field none
documentary I'm not serious and
everyone reaffirmed and I reaffirmed it they haven't
seen it none have been seeing click
such and such but I make living proof
of what they were seen from the documentary you
have it with him with what has happened the
video
with this has happened the video you have
clear proof that no one is
alarmed that the audio was from the
documentary
I would have even remembered the
words even if I hadn't heard the
audio and apart from a strong part is that
from yes well for one part of the 70
hours that
76 rpm thank you very much for those 7
pesos and if more people are have seen the
documentary and I'm going to say why it continues
many people to Victor
document himself documentary had 4 million
viewers every night but your
boyfriend hasn't seen himself nor any of the
others
Joshua my weapon eight months  Thank you very much
for renewing. First of all, I have to say one
thing. There are many colleagues on the
platform who have taken out these minutes,
no, and even I myself, looking back, I have
never seen this audio, never
heard this audio,
but why so little self-esteem? There are
people putting it on. Then, now, let's
read the comments.
There are people on Huanca's channel, it remains to be
seen. The thing about the audio. There are
people on Huanca's channel. I ask
because I don't see it, not only about
other people's videos and that, there are people on
Huanca's channel who are giving it a look. The thing about
the audios, no, not
for me, having heard it a
week ago that it was put in public, well, it
was the first time for me, I have never
seen it, and you yourself have not seen it,
but if I put it in my documentary and
in the videos that I have made, I have already put
that audio, like I have not seen that,
but if I put it in fact in the
wine, let's see, I put it. Look, in fact, he
is training right now,
look,
but sorry,
but time to mute this microphone, it does not
have the mute button or the gas at
hand, you know,
now it's already in the  part that they are
putting
here is
here it is look
that they came out with an image because I don't
know how much less it seems to me all this
questionable, it
seemed questionable to me that they decided
now to hide part of a testimony that
was recorded a year ago but that
was complete I have nothing to hide I am
not afraid of anything I was afraid
many years ago the idea for many other
circumstances happened because they are not at
all this episode and it repeats it the other
day and I repeat it from companies that I have
lived in that house that there I am that I was
very afraid for another circumstance that
has nothing to do with this one and I know
what I have lived in that house we have to
put together this following conversation with
her transfers to the reason be totally
aware of where the
real problem is and it is not her father
nor her mother that person was also a
witness of what happened in 2012 that
person has lived with her and with her
brother David for years that person
always according to Rocío Flores did not behave as
well as he should but it does not go further
at least for the moment despite the fact that it has
become the most
sought after testimony does not want to cross the line watch out for
that little bit watch out here says Alan and I want
You realize that of a detail
and I think I remember that they called me from the
Civil Guard barracks,
Fidel doesn't answer and the guard, I've put
this clip for you, okay, I'm going to put another one
so that you realize once again that
when they show the documents they
only underline the part that they want to
underline, this specific paper, I don't know
exactly what it is, whatever your
sources are that the kids use, but they
don't underline the part that Rocío
Flor relates in which she says that according to her she has been
suffering similar events for
three years and that he constantly insults her
with phrases like I
regret having had a fat girl that I won't
give you dinner because she has
enough reserves, I'm going to put your
father in jail that Florecía one part
I want to make it clear that I did the fact
that I put it on this paper that I don't know
either what it is that was not done in
diligence the complaint as such I want to
make it clear that everything that is written here is not that they
are proven facts, much
less I imagine that these are the
statements that each one of the
party makes here they do the same thing they underline one
part and do not underline  that the minor accused
of exercising psychological abuse according to her
expression on the mother with insults to
well she is referring to finais how they
manipulate and only show us what
a cell phone says with which the
attack was suffered the subject I do not live in the polis
also the audio comes out to me you are not going to
tell me if I do how I do my job
nor of course
all the videos of this type that I
make main maybe I do not take
videos like choca as seriously he
tells silver I do not know what that [ __ ] is
worth in fact these topics and I realize I
am giving them less and less space on
the main channel unless
something more powerful comes out not someday no but I
do those jobs well done yes it
is true that now with the
Johnny issue he is helping me Sydney at
night the live shows and places he is
doing a lot of good places they are
getting it tremendous with the help
that you are giving me
but I did not record a video without studying
all the information well and reviewing
everything ha ha ha johnny depp I know it's a joke
grandpa you know that always  I'll watch everything you
put out, just that sometimes I like
to troll xd anyway I remind you of the
video reactions section to the
mainstream topics when you have the chance, some about
Korean you like a kiss
or so I don't know, it doesn't cross my mind
to talk about something that I don't know no matter how much you
send me a place you send me air you
send me my private message I
have to check everything that I'm going to
say study it well and see where
the mistake is where these where the others about that
that's what's special about my
videos anyway how are you going to come to me and
say that I hadn't heard that
audio either, that audio
that part of the documentary I already commented on it
a year ago the day
that episode aired
and of course I commented on the part of
Rocío Flores' version of this thing
that you're bringing out now as something
new and on top of that you're having the
nerve here to take it as true that
you haven't seen the documentary either and you don't even
know who Rocío Jurado or
Antonio Davis is or you know who Karmele
Marín anymore or anyone on TV okay because
we're interested in reality we've
never liked it but that one  audio that piece that you
are now giving for that audio center only
comment in its day gallery that they
threw that episode I commented on it there you
have it there I have this a piece
and I put a piece for you, it will surely come out
more because I cut and as well as I heard the sound in Waka's video he said my uncle's staff I am not going to know a subject that we were studying a Tommy have you not listened to it why because if not you would also take it out because you have not taken out a documentary against you in the game over
that you made to the documentary because you have not
taken out the audio of the 11 minutes
in south
by stealing that song better and apart from the fact that
she is validating that the
audio has 11 minutes.
Hello Javi, how are you still with the voice, I
missed Eaton, it was Kobe,
sorry, we respect everyone, I compare you and
me to what you see or Pedrito,
I just put the audio, I mean, I just
put that part of the documentary in my
game over that will surely come out more
times but I am speaking from memory
and we have listened to it after d
but notice that she says because you are
lying  the audience is not giving its
last breaths the time
that is 11 minutes if it were 11 minutes
if I took from there from the
piece that you have published without
publishing children 11 minutes half of the
audio would already be talking about another topic
because 11 minutes did not last that part in
that episode
if we go to the documentary to the moment in which
the audio that I publish if you
put 11 minutes it is already off topic I do not know
if I am explaining myself you are
understanding
that I do not have prepared right now here
but if you go to my TV and take
episode 9 it was then it was 89 I think
that audio was from 9 and you go to the
minute that they are publishing if you
put 11 minutes from minute
26 25 you are already off topic for sure and it is something else
they censored and apart from the eleven
minutes that is the south or telecinco that does not
censor them you cut them you edit it cuts it
and to rocio flores which is something that
they do not know as they do not know about the
subject well they cannot lie without being
asked because  If they knew the
subject
if they knew the subject they would know that the
audio point number one the point in the
audio was not about what Rocío
Carrasco did to Rocío Flores the
audio was about what Rocío Flores
did to Rocío Carrasco I
mean the audio which is not an audio it's a
video Rocío Carrasco is dressed in
pink telling you what's worth it
there what Carrasco was just telling you
were more details of the beating
I mean the audio what you call
audio I call it audio because now
but what you call audio those
11 minutes do not harm Rocío Carrasco it
harmed Rocío Flores and they seeing
how things were surely for
legal reasons in order not to worsen the
legal situation and not get into more
legal problems they cut it already recorded today edited
and cut everything to more in the
documentary we would have decided I wanted it was I think it
was 9 I don't think so I don't know
if it was the same episode that okay but
in the documentary itself you can see the cut
the piece that they cut is noticeable
look if you don't know about  what are you
talking about
7 if you don't know what I'm talking about
in the documentary you can see the part that
cuts you can see the cut it doesn't look tacky in
the documentary what you see is that
suddenly rocio flores rocio carrasco
starts talking and you can see this on
my tv search for lots oh yeah if you can
search it put it on twitter something like that
I'm saying it by heart and you
believe me okay because I know it and yes I
'm saying it because it's true okay
the cut was noticeable the cut was the cut
what they did was like blue real you
know what blue real is blue real is to
make it blurry
out of focus okay in the cut what they
did was completely blur it
and the sound suddenly a pay out okay it looked
like it went down and she d focused and
the camera left they put a scene that
was like the camera went to a
spotlight and there it cut it with faith and owen
black and the next topic
or rather the topic the topic the cut was
noticeable in the documentary and it's on my
tv the documentary published with the
cut or rather I don't  are you going to come
give me lessons on what happened what
happened is more they
cut it from the edition but they
offered Rocío Flores the 11 minutes
put it to her
this Blu-ray of the cut I haven't
said it these past few days because she doesn't
shake her head but if number one the
cut was noticeable
point number 1 the cut was noticeable and it is
published with the cut that is noticeable that is what I
am explaining point number
2 that part did not harm Rocío
Carrasco but I'm going to dig Rocío Flores those
were more details of the mother got involved
I was talking and it was
but great detail exemplary on the floor
for a kick for I don't know what or things like that about
the ladder that Alba Carrillo said
address things and it would be okay
and point number 3 they offered Rocío
Flores you have no idea what you
're talking about and I'm not going to disrespect you
but we're going to say let's
call them
ignorant let's leave him an ignorant
for no it's a more derogatory word
okay but we're going to leave him at ignorant
any you don't even know what you're talking about
arguing you are not at the level to
talk about the subject
lasts 2 where are I people that you know
placed with a camera two or
three months after making a documentary and have you seen
that there is a tide that supports all the
videos where it says long live olba long live
actor and david okay intelligent who has never
seen 500 euros together
more now a little derogatory what I am going to
say but what I am doing is
taking advantage of the situation and
rescue that it ends completely
that you
understand I do
not say it to be derogatory with
people who have not earned much money in
life I say it because there are people who
earn a lot of money in life but they are
humble and hardworking they
try to fight for it but what you
are doing well do not understand
why because it is known seeing if you are
seeing that suddenly you can
take advantage of a topic that is giving
many visits
do it well and study the subject
you for example you see me speaking clearly and
speaking clearly he was a guy who did not have a
[ __ ] heart either
and that one neither Victor documentary that is why he
ate it also speaking clearly
but speaking clearly  what he does is
soak up what he talks about
speaking clearly, the same thing happened to him
as having a channel that talked about
political things, I don't know what when he saw this
wave well he said he's gone for it, it's gone
well, I'm glad it's going well for him and
he loves it, he does well
the other day he slipped because it's not his habit to make
documentary but normally what he
does is soak up the topic that he's going to
talk about, yes, he's going to talk about the fields in
pm and now if you're watching the programs
that you're commenting on, you guys who aren't even that,
you who have seen the topic that gets
views and that is the fashion and that you
still have to justify Olga of
everything possible so that we go
those of you who have won and were dispatched, you
understand me, you see yourself speaking clearly, you
have an objectivity and a criterion,
guys, this has been your work well and too
much because you are working at the
same time, okay,
but it fails you, you have not seen the
documentary
but the things that you are commenting on from
now on, you do
n't even have affection for what you do
speaking clearly, you always soak it up,
investigate, mistakes we can make everything
clear, it's as if  suddenly I'm
sure I'm making a mistake on the
Johnny Depp and Amber thing because I'm going
like a rocket and I've dealt with the subject
but I haven't dealt with it I haven't dealt with it in the
first place the Johnny de Amber issue I have
n't dealt with at the same time and not as
often yes it's true the Johnny de issue
let's see if he talks about it several times on the
channel but not as much as the
Spanish issues of this type of cases no and
besides it's not Spanish and you know that I'm
not very good at English so there
may be things that go off
interpretations and things go off
okay you're going to wait for something else it's that you
came here because you saw the vein I
don't know what and like a leech
because huanca a little leech like
with love that the description didn't occur to me
like the opossum
take soak up the subject already things well
to things well work you're going to take
advantage of them everyone has the right
when a subject is like that viral start already take
advantage
in fact I know what's shocking love 50 80
videos okay but do it well do
n't do it  interest you Marisa what you
're talking about or anything because now they
catch you in a debate they ask you what I
know you don't know and they catch you and they show you an
audio of the [ __ ] documentary telling you that
that audio is from the Lion King movie
and you swallow it because you haven't seen
the documentary they
don't release it and you yourself have not released it, I
mean, audio even the
journalist Federico Jimenez said that he didn't
have it, I mean he hadn't heard it
that it was the first time he heard it
attempts at the expense of a humble
working person what does it occur to you Federico
started saying that he had never
seen a video of mine when he has literally
seen 800 of my videos that
Isabel has told me that they show them
a lot of times of that and that Federico after
fed up with my videos the massages
Federico well I don't know at that moment
I say it like that or or the names are not known
but you believe it Federico babe to Juanca
the audio of Huanca the video of Juanca from
one over 40 and has not seen the king
seen in  interview
but I did go to Malaga
and I was the one next to Antonia
seeing the time as he is not going to see me I think
Federico is going to remember two
minutes of the documentary when the best
has seen more above
getting up to five so he gets up
if he is in Chipiona doing interviews
with the Mohedano Madrid TV Mediaset
please please that he has gone to Madrid
let's see what there is the hooks
Huancán Madrid man please that he has
gone to Madrid Huanca by bus to be
interviewed Media we are going to see
the cachos bancas Madrid I
think so no
right here we are here we are in
Mediaset Spain
here we are in Medias to Spain and well
to say here a few things from
here
that we are not in agreement with any of the
but as this man is not going to know about the
documentary like this man has not
soaked up the subject without you go out from there to see
the security guard at the door of
Mediaset
like this man does not know about the subject
look he
has gone to shout from the mesh that he does not
agree
[Music]
sacred publicly
is a person who has destroyed
life as it comes he said intel have
destroyed the marriage so said
the letters to the matrimonial still for the
place that they have done damage to the family
incredible and maybe I know that I'm not going to
get many
things
one field nice detail the fence of
half c
to the granted a lot to see how he
goes around the fence
he
I at least having gotten an
enters inside of having recorded something
god or I mean me when I go to Madrid if
someday a program that calls me that
calls me one of those I know and I go
is literally the last time I went
to Madrid
I was a big brother and that day I
felt like it but then looking for your life
a little
helped me garing man in fact I agüe
lajarín man
here is the fence
through here everyone comes out and Diego
Arrabal comes in that Fernández Carlota Corredera
everyone everyone who watches television
come and go through here let's walk around
here a bit I focus and a little the
cardboard
until they come out there
the poster
look at
the soft
people are that it is very easy to
make life I don't
live it like  ironic
and there is
n't much there isn't much more to
say I think
if you really want to go the
other way record the other door
[Music]
these are the rabble
the ones who have destroyed a family they must
be that is the name I saw and so
pretty media to Spain these are the ones who have
destroyed a family I
was going to go to this man at the door
from the cycle
over there
[Laughter]
thanks
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
[Music]
imagine Telecinco at this moment
this Saturday I think they were living
life so calm because
life recording their program is all there
in there earning enough to address
this man who doesn't give a [ __ ] about
the blue tide and he cares about [ __ ] he
is saying look look at these rabble
these rabble of an entire family
in La Palma
[Music] let's
see the truth is that it inspires a lot of
confidence
here everyone has talents be it
for one thing or another one is
nobody to be like looking towards another
person or another youtuber let it be clear let it
be clear that equating this type
of things because if not no no  for this
well this is going to continue like this and I really feel
sorry for Spain because this year
I truly consider it a land
that for me I love it but
when these types of characters come and
try to humiliate
other colleagues it gives me a lot to
think about really doing the
content that you do in that way you are going to
gain the respect of the people please
my respect for example, I mean, you have
lost it, you have lost it by treating
others like this I ask you the question we would
like that even a friend or a
family of yours, someone a nobody
is a random honoring God I had already had it to me
company I think it is
literally I am a random literally I am a
random literally
what a shame
literally I am a [ __ ] mouse there is no
other option I am a random
treat him like that
exposing him and saying look at
this guy's face look at his face he does
n't give credibility he doesn't give
confidence I mean would you like someone
from your family who
is listening to me to come to
someone a nobody and treat him like this would it
seem fair to you would you feel good or would you
speak like me
answer me I am so sure of what I
am talking about and  what I'm
doing or my conscience is clear and I know
that I'm doing the right thing
and that's what you guys talk about
very handsome nose and he's very good
and he got his hair shaved on Friday but come on, it
's pathetic this tasty old man it's
pathetic this tasty old man dares
and I have been watching this video for an hour and a half now we have
been watching this random video for an hour and a half now or are
some of them trying to give me a
[ __ ] title tell me
what title do I give this because otherwise this is not
going to come I
wanted to shut up but no gentlemen we have to
talk we have to say things to their
face what is right and what
is not right because you can't be
making those comments so so of that
own two on a social network I
mean if you want me to respect you earn
my respect I have
never seen
these types of comments from other colleagues like
you do because
you are never making mistakes you are making mistakes
and you are not going in the right
direction you know this this character has been around for
a long time and the thing is that I think he
has something something he has something here like
in his heart
that I can't explain
with a chest because I have already burned myself out
since that time when he couldn't do the
exclusive within the vine the interview
on his channel and it was done on Hong's
then the man
of Gea we are a little in knowing what he
is talking about
listen to this because he is already burned
since that time he could not do the
exclusive within the vine the interview
on his channel and it was done on Juanjo's
that was done today
literally
literally knows nothing about the case the
subject
if we speak from hearsay
literally because
under water that was at the time of
the interview Juan that existed on
YouTube towards the
videos then the man is already
burned from there because he said he will have
said well how is it possible that I being
the man the god of sanse or the good one
like her at least for me it would be to
call him the king of salsero not the king
of the pimps I think that well I think
both things a little the title should
be the random of Javi
brutally answers Rand's girlfriend and
Juanca a greeting dude very
bad weather very bad it would be better
I think that from there
the man of law is already burned because of course they have
hit him where it hurts the most in  his pride
juanjo has a huge huge community
that I think he's not going to be able to match and that's why
because basically I say because because
the entire community that leads juanjo and
no I don't want to say names but well and
other channels there are real people
humble people people with heart people who
well it could be envy
go [ __ ] themselves that they are envious that they are
going to die of
stomach cancer it's so terrible
and the only thing they look for here is
healthy entertainment not this type of
things not this type of things I challenge him
to retouch to take out his 11 minutes
of your game over or other videos where is it where is it
what are you saying so much
that you have seen the documentary from beginning to end
where not
why hasn't he released it before why do
n't you release it if you have seen it if the
situation is like that friends that's how the situation is to
this youtube I would send him to do a
couple of reports she chipiona let's see if he
has the balls to do it
because talking sitting in an armchair or that
anyone can do and so many years
but and no
anyone anyone doesn't do it
talking only talking sitting in an
armchair
anyone anyone doesn't do it
your boyfriend no  He does it
because you don't have any and I'm
asking for money for him on the
streets, on the streets, well, not just
anyone can do that, not even I would be capable of it, I say,
why,
thank you very much to you too,
man, it's that we from Malaga, we
from Seville, we broke it,
confirm the half-dry
there they had more videos on the street
but now I don't remember
and how he was, something like a grandfather, it was for the
grandparents, it doesn't
matter, it
seems that having a lot, you already know
that I'm not going to entertain myself anymore, I have
sacred duties to
fulfill and nothing, well, I'll leave them and really,
whatever it is for my family,
today I'm going to be there for my family, I'm capable
of this and many other things,
for his house, for his family, capable of, in
fact, several families
[Music]